chore: add reactivation tip (#126)
beclab/docs: docs/manual/get-started/activate-olares.md

   b. Reset the login password for Olares by following the on-screen instructions on LarePass.

   ::: tip Reactivate Olares with the same Olares ID

>    If you’ve reinstalled Olares, the original instance becomes unavailable. To reactivate Olares with the same Olares ID:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If you have reinstalled Olares, the original instance becomes unavailable. To reactivate Olares with the same Olares ID:
```

>    1.	Open LarePass on your phone, and you’ll see the prompt: `No active Olares found.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1.	Open LarePass on your phone, and you can see a red prompt: "No active Olares found".
```
